I put things off so much that my well-being or efficiency is unnecessarily affected.
If I had done some things before, my life would be better.
I wouldn't say I like submitting a job or project with a small mistake.
My doubts have affected some of the most critical decisions in my life (what to study, where to look for a job, what car to buy, etc.).
I tend to put off getting things done, even if they are important.
I often commit to more tasks than I can handle.
Whenever I'm faced with a deadline at work, I wait until the last minute.
I get frustrated when obstacles interfere with pursuing my goals.
When I have to face a family or couple problem, I never start the dialogue, I wait for the other person to make the first move, and even then, I usually avoid it.
I find it challenging to get down to work when I know that I have many tasks to do.
When I get mad at someone, I'd instead turn my back on them than explain why I'm upset.
When I have to do a task that I don't like very much, I have to force myself to do it, or else I can't do it.
When I see on my mobile a message on the answering machine from someone who I know wants to talk to me about her problems, I tend to delay calling them back as long as I can.
I cancel or change plans with my friends or partner at the last minute.
When I'm at work or studying, I quickly start daydreaming.
I have difficulty concentrating.
I feel stuck in essential areas of my life.
I feel that some projects are not even worth the effort anymore.
I'm so obsessed with details that I can't finish things.
My life is very messy.
I am easily bored.
I tend to abandon tasks/projects that are difficult for me.
I define myself as a very anxious person.
I have some significant projects in my life that I am always putting off.
I live in the "here and now", and I don't think much about the future.
There is something in my personal history that does not let me move forward.
I often find different ways/excuses to avoid things I don't want to do.
Procrastination is the story of my life.
I am dissatisfied with something important in my life; however, I can't solve it.
I feel that my emotional states are interfering with my life.
